{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaSans-Demi;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19620\viewh10940\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 README
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 In this program 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
each argument in the commands below is a size 11 array of integers except N and P which are single integers.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
THE CLIENT PROGRAM
\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Creates RPC handle for server, it asks the user to input data for the array and also to select the command desired to perform operation. The RPC handle is passed to client stubs.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
THE SERVER PROGRAM
\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Used to provide the actual remote procedures that do the work.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Search (A, N): In response to this command A-Processor returns P if A[P-1]=N where P-1 is the smallest index such that A[P-1]=N; otherwise, A-Processor returns -1. For example, let A=[12, 43, 8, 10, 6, 9, 13, 10, 21, 33, 1] and N=10. Then P=4.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Zero (A, N): In response to this command A-Processor must replace every occurrence of N in A with 0 and return the resulting array. If A does not contain N, A-Processor returns a size 11 array where each entry contains -1. For example, let A=[12, 43, 8, 10, 6, 9, 13, 10, 21, 33, 1] and N=10. Then A-Processor returns [12, 43, 8, 0, 6, 9, 13, 0, 21, 33, 1].\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sum (A): In response to this command, A-Processor returns the sum of the integers in A.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Median (A): In response to this command, A-Processor returns the median of the integers in A.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Average (A): In response to this command, A-Processor returns the average of the integers in A.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
STDEV (A): In response to this command, A-Processor returns the standard deviation of the integers in A. Assume that the numbers in A make up a sample from a population and use 10 (instead of 11) as the divisor in the square root formula for standard deviation.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
COMPILING
\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Compiling the protocol definition: rpcgen -N stats.x\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Compiling the client program: 
\f2\fs20 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 gcc rstatsprog.c stats_clnt.c stats_xdr.c -o client
\f1\fs24 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Compiling the server program: 
\f2\fs20 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 gcc stats_proc.c stats_svc.c stats_xdr.c -o server -lm
\f1\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\b\fs20 \cf0 RUNNING
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
On the server machine, run the server: ./server\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
On the client machine, run the client program ./client 127.0.0.1\
\
****************************************************************\
OR\
\
gcc stats_prog.c\
./a.out\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}